---
title: 2024-02-28
date: 2024-02-28
updated: 2024-02-28
tags:
  - TODO
draft: false
---

> [[caveat-lector|CAVEAT LECTOR]]: This is a daily note! Sometimes they'll be structured, sometimes they won't. These are more for the benefit of my near- and long-term future self, but I do tend to publish them in case they're somehow helpful for other people.

## Today's Plan

Whoops! Fell asleep at a reasonable hour [[2024-02-27|yesterday]], and didn't get literally anything from my E-block done. That said, considering the [[2024-02-26|day before]], the sleep was very welcome. And - not to break my arm patting myself on the back - I **did** say that everything in that block was tentative.

Today is pretty much the same thing as yesterday - [ChainSharp](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Theauxm.ChainSharp#readme-body-tab) does set things up in such a way that most work is "Today, I make another Step!" and that, plus not giving too many details for private projects, means that the B- and E-blocks for *probably* the rest of this week are not going to be *too* spicy and different.

### B-Block

-  Working on ChainSharp steps for private project

### M-Block

- Working on ChainSharp step tests for private project

### E-Block

- This... we'll see. Today isn't *technically* a CGC day - those tend to be Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays. However, yesterday was less than productive, so depending on my partner's schedule (she may be going climbing) I'll probably be staying in the office a bit later for CGC.
- **If CGC happens**, current priority list (I should really put this somewhere else) is:
	- Resume review for a friend
	- Quartz deployment
	- Quartz customization - likely a custom index page

## Today's Report

N/A

## Notes
