---
title: 2024-03-15
date: 2024-03-15
updated: 2024-03-15
tags:
  - "#engineering/csharp"
  - engineering/homelab
  - business/admin
draft: false
---
⇐ [[2024-03-14]] |  [[2024-03-16]] ⇒


## Today's Plan

> - **[[2024-03-15#Morning Block|Morning Block]]**: Morning work session, typically 9am - 12pm
> - **[[2024-03-15#Afternoon Block|Afternoon Block]]**: Afternoon work session - usually the bulk of work. 12pm - 5pm
> - **[[2024-03-15#Evening Block|Evening Block]]**: Evening work session for CGC-related work, 5pm - ???

### Morning Block

#### NUnit Discord Logger

- **PLAN:** 
	- Create ASP.NET general service to collect & batch logs
	- Create `ITrace` for use in NUnit tests
	- Implement on test server webhook - once confirmed, move over to core server
- **DELIVERABLES:**
	- A message (locally) posted from NUnit to Discord
	- Stretch goal is a webhook configuration able to create a new thread in a Forum channel[^3]
### Afternoon Block

#### Backstage Local Run

As dayjob work starts shuffling up a bit more, I want to elbow for a bit of room to keep working on Backstage plugins. To do that, I need to get my local Backstage build back up-and-running - and probably *updated* as well, since god knows how long it has been since I got that running 😬

- **PLAN:** 
	1. Redownload Backstage as a fresh repo
	2. Possible minor configuration - I'll likely test this on the CGC GitHub repository so I have the admin access needed to generate keys & pull information
	3. Taking a closer (more organized) look at the run scopes in the repo
- **DELIVERABLES:** 
	1. Docker Compose-able Backstage running locally for plugin development. hype hype hype! 🎉

#### Shop Excerpt Written

Today may be a dayjob early-release day, in which case I *really* need to get [[shop-highlight-note|the Shop Highlight excerpt]] written & sent.

- **PLAN:** 
	1. Take a look at the notes I took last week
	2. Jot down draft, run it through something to un-fuck my fucked writing style.
- **DELIVERABLES:** 
	1. Deliver as formatted email w/ Markdown attachment. God bless Markdown - hopefully this time doesn't end up like [[digital-gardening-with-quartz#^1bc4a7|the last guest post I wrote]] 😬
	
### Evening Block

#### Eco Server Run

The friends have settled on eco!! I believe I got most of this taken care of last night, but may need to adjust server run parameters. This'll be the first stress test of the Allytron's game container, so I don't totally know what the resource req will look like.

- **PLAN:** 
	1. Rally the lads!
	2. Monitor specs during run
	3. OPTIONAL: bully my partner into joining us
- **DELIVERABLES:** 
	1. Fun, enjoyment, social satisfaction, etc. etc.

## Today's Report

> To have the full intended experience, please listen to the [Pikmin 2 "Today's Report" theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1fCmKZnq3U&list=PLwyW5mbdZMGN8mGTqvDhsBs37SW4TkHcw&index=85) while reading

- **LUNCH UPDATE:** Did some TLC to the layout of the daily notes with Templater[^2]. Added yesterday/tomorrow links to the top of each page (Formatting definitely required - tempted to just handle this in the standard quartz post emitter, now that I know how to do that) and configured the Daily Notes appender in the [Raycast Quartz Plugin](https://raycast.com/KevinBatdorf/obsidian) to append some custom logic for auto-incrementing footnotes. Not perfect, but works a treat.
- Also did an update for a new layout for per-block tasks in the daily notes. I feel like I've been having trouble measuring tasks on a micro-level, and decided to use the same format for dayjob work that I do for contracting work, with a scope, plan, & declared set of deliverables so I can very confidently say that I did (or did not) finish something, and call the shot to stay on track & be intentional with my time.
- I'm considering setting up a Sunday-specific weekly template, so that I can better plan out my weeks during Sunday CGC work.

- **A-BLOCK EOB UPDATE**: Eeeee!! Feeling very behind on things. Overwhelmed and under-motivated.

Likely EOD update — I don't see myself getting back on my laptop at any point today for *reasons* — but I gotta hard stop to go take care of Life Business™. Did not get *nearly* as far as I'd hoped on *any* of today's tasks, so today's work will likely bleed into Sunday's CGC work and (potentially, if the weather this weekend isn't good enough to chill outside) Saturday.

I'm 50/50 on whether or not I like the new daily template. While it *is* better-organized, I don't totally know if it's better-organized *for me* and where I'm at as a person doing things. I've been running *constantly* into an issue of over-estimating how much I can get done in a day. The deliverables are meant to help with that, but I don't think it alleviates the issue of not being able to accurately predict my own day-to-day velocity.

Some thoughts on the back of a napkin, but it may be worth trying out the Tasks List function in Obsidian, or potentially another solution. Interface aside, i think one of the best task management softwares I've used is Pivotal. I specifically appreciated the ability to "batch" tasks by velocity, to try and get a reasonable calculation for what is possible in a given amount of time. I think that's something I'd like to get back to at some point, researching more "personal life" versions of the same thing.

Anyway - likely signing off for the day. May the next day and the next be a better haul than today 🙏

[^1]: [[caveat-lector|caveat lector]] — This is a daily note! I don't actively maintain any information in daily notes, so please be cautious in following any advice here.
[^2]: https://iwannabemewhenigrowup.medium.com/part-3-using-the-templater-community-plugin-to-automate-files-and-content-6f1f2f9227c3 - Guide used for intro to Obsidian Templater, used to create the automatic date entries and footnote counts on daily note template.
[^3]: https://arc.net/l/quote/flmmvzxd - the fact that Discord webhooks can auto-create threads is super cool. If there's a way I can do thread auto-tags with this... i'll be a very happy lad.
[^4]: https://www.urlencoder.org/ - the world runs on people who have made random web-hosted tools.
[^5]: https://notes.nicolevanderhoeven.com/How+to+publish+Obsidian+notes+with+Quartz+on+GitHub+Pages - a very good resource for Quartz static hosting. I like her writing style! Also it is a bit funny to me that this page about using Quartz is hosted on Obsidian Publish