---
title: 2024-02-29
date: 2024-02-29
updated: 2024-02-29
tags:
  - "#goblin-slaying"
  - "#engineering/typescript"
  - engineering/csharp
draft: false
---

> [[caveat-lector|CAVEAT LECTOR]]: This is a daily note! Sometimes they'll be structured, sometimes they won't. These are more for the benefit of my near- and long-term future self, but I do tend to publish them in case they're somehow helpful for other people.

## Today's Plan

Okay! With myself [[putting-selfcontrol-on-raycast|SelfControl'd]] this morning, feeling very optimistic today!! I think, today, I can finish up my part in the MVP of an internal project. As a treat, I'm going to take a closer look at tuning up our old Backstage deployment. I've been feeling a whole lot better about my TypeScript knowledge & workflows as of late - and my engineering in general - so taking another look at Backstage after ~8 months feels like it may be refreshing.

### B-Block

-  Finalize MVP parts for internal project

### M-Block

- Re-clone and get Backstage local environment running
- Look into Backstage Plugins

### E-Block

- None! It's Mean Girls night, baybeeeeee 😎

## Today's Report

- **UPDATE 3PM:** The SelfControl for Raycast integration was, in fact, worth the time spent. Today's B&M blocks have been the most productive in probably 2-3 weeks 🎉

Slight end-of-day, while I have the laptop open - we ended up stopping the new Mean Girls after about 10 minutes and just watching the old one instead.

## Notes

- https://kindavim.app/ - vim everywhere on macos. May automate some of the less-than-stellar shortcuts i've baked myself
- there are few terms i despise more than "tribal knowledge." at some point this will be written about.
- https://gist.github.com/timvisee/fcda9bbdff88d45cc9061606b4b923ca - Happy leap day!
- https://www.perkins.org/resource/how-write-alt-text-and-image-descriptions-visually-impaired/ - resource for writing alt text on images