---
title: "2024-03-19"
date: "2024-03-19"
updated: "2024-03-19"
tags:
  - notes/daily
draft: false
---
⇐ [[2024-03-18]] |  [[2024-03-20]] ⇒

## Today's Plan

> - **[[2024-03-19#Morning Block|Morning Block]]**: Morning work session, typically 9am - 12pm
> - **[[2024-03-19#Afternoon Block|Afternoon Block]]**: Afternoon work session - usually the bulk of work. 12pm - 5pm
> - **[[2024-03-19#Evening Block|Evening Block]]**: Evening work session for CGC-related work, 5pm - ???

### Morning Block

#### Cloud Testing

In order to catch the spunky, sexy, broad amalgamation of ways that infrastructure can fuck up in The Cloud™, it'll be nice to have a cloud-based test suite that logs back to monitoring channels

- **PLAN:** 
	- [ ] **ADD**: Required networking changes to VPC
	- [ ] **ADD**: Deploy & test networking changes to VPC
	- [ ] Create Terraform infrastructure for new ECS entry
- **DELIVERABLES:** 
	- [ ] Tests running (successfully or not) in cloud

### Afternoon Block

#### Final Discord Webhook Work

With access to the GET REST APIs for Discord, now (through a bot - [[2024-03-17#^d8dd81|not thrilled]], but w/e), I can do the final steps for deployment logging using Discord Forum channels

- **PLAN:** 
	- [ ] Add webhook to internal C# library
	- [ ] Create new `ILogger` sub-interface
	- [ ] Create batcher
	- [ ] Create sender
	- [ ] Inject logic into NUnit `ITrace`
- **DELIVERABLES:** 
	- [ ] Threads created through `NUnit ITrace`

### Evening Block

#### Shop Highlight (for real, this time).

This has been backburn'd for *way* too long. I *will* send this today, before I do *anything* else with CGC time.

- **PLAN:** 
	- [ ] Review note last state
	- [ ] Finish first draft
	- [ ] Edit it (probably with AI. there is a time and a place for [[binglish]], and this is it.)
	- [ ] Subject my partner to my shitty writing for proofread.
- **DELIVERABLES:** 
	- [ ] Highlight note sent as attachment & markdown.

## Today's Report

> To have the full intended experience, please listen to the [Pikmin 2 "Today's Report" theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1fCmKZnq3U&list=PLwyW5mbdZMGN8mGTqvDhsBs37SW4TkHcw&index=85) while reading

N/A

[^1]: [[caveat-lector|caveat lector]] — This is a daily note! I don't actively maintain any information in daily notes, so please be cautious in following any advice here.