---
title: "2024-03-10"
date: "2024-03-10"
updated: "2024-03-10"
tags: []
draft: false
---

> [[caveat-lector|CAVEAT LECTOR]]: This is a daily note! Sometimes they'll be structured, sometimes they won't. These are more for the benefit of my near- and long-term future self, but I do tend to publish them in case they're somehow helpful for other people.

## Today's Plan

With a bit of a half-planned half-day, I'm at my office again (to put distance between me and that god-forsaken server, which has taken *far* too much of my time) to focus up on the CGC website.

In particular, I'm hoping to restore a bit of professionalism to the front landing page. At the moment, it's the quartz default, and doesn't have either the font of my handwriting or the actual CGC logo on it. Before submitting [[shop-highlight-note|some notes for an office highlight]], I'd vastly prefer to have my website looking far less cobbled-together than it is now.

### B-Block

- N/A

### M-Block

- N/A

### E-Block

- Laundry party! Tidying up the living room after the homelab explosion [[2024-03-07|earlier this week]]

## Today's Report

> To have the full intended experience, please listen to the [Pikmin 2 "Today's Report" theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1fCmKZnq3U&list=PLwyW5mbdZMGN8mGTqvDhsBs37SW4TkHcw&index=85) while reading & writing this

N/A

## Notes

- https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=StlytUzBFcs&list=PLBxbqVsdFQnt5ihbCIkVa15MO7onhZwk5 - this channel has *wildly* impressive piano covers with super cool notes overlays - almost AR-esque?
- Due to an oversight, I am currently in the middle of a ~5 day gap in my prescriptions. I feel like my brain is currently operating with a constant background static noise that sounds vaguely like [this](https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=a3ruJFU5C6g&list=PLBxbqVsdFQnt5ihbCIkVa15MO7onhZwk5)