---
title: "2024-03-01"
date: "2024-03-01"
updated: "2024-03-01"
tags: []
draft: false
---

> [[caveat-lector|CAVEAT LECTOR]]: This is a daily note! Sometimes they'll be structured, sometimes they won't. These are more for the benefit of my near- and long-term future self, but I do tend to publish them in case they're somehow helpful for other people.

## Today's Plan

I think today is likely going to be lighter day, likely finishing up assigned work during the B-block - I have a couple last-minute touches to an internal MVP, but not sure to what extent my time is booked up for the rest of the day. May take M-block to do a bit of light research on [Backstage](https://backstage.io/) plugins.

### B-Block

-  Quick horticulture on (free) C# code coverage libraries

### M-Block

- Backstage horticulturie

### E-Block

- Resume review - for real, this time!!
- Actions/Quartz deployment

## Today's Report

- **UPDATE 3:00PM:** Ended up writing an article about [[binglish]], which is absolutely not what i had planned for the afternoon but i'm certainly not mad about it. from a quick cursory online search... i don't think anybody else has coined this term yet?? At least not for the same concept - i was only able to find references to one chrome extension (ironic) and a somewhat(?) used term for british-indian-english (which, idk, maybe it's far larger a term but not one that culturally/algorithmically would be at the tippity-top of my SLC-based search results, even on incognito) ^a7f25c
- **UPDATE 6:00PM:** i was excited enough about that post to actually publish my blog. I was about to excitedly hyperlink to it, but... I suppose this will actually be on there now. There is something about seeing what i've been putting into a dusty `refactor/` branch on GitHub actually be on The Internet™ that... I'm frankly not certain how to feel about.
- There is something burning in me to *really quickly learn everything more i need to know about TypeScript frontend development and finish the blog formatting **posthaste***, but I think that will need to wait for another time. I am hungry, and must depart.

See above - stopping CGC work and closing my laptop for the day. Perhaps I will play... *Factorio???*

🫡

## Notes

- https://www.hanselman.com/blog/altcover-and-reportgenerator-give-amazing-code-coverage-on-net-core - Free code coverage for C#. Uncertain about Rider compat >:l
- https://youtu.be/_wxU3z9VxOY?si=Y2vuh_PH5_yHay9m&t=267 - ***suavemente***
- https://kyla.substack.com/p/why-we-dont-trust-each-other-anymore - words, words, words (literally and topically)
- https://open.substack.com/pub/kyla/p/why-we-dont-trust-each-other-anymore?selection=f9b3b76b-bbe1-46c1-87f0-57b3d84594b1&utm_campaign=post-share-selection&utm_medium=web - poetry isn't usually my thing but this got me
- https://smartbear.com/learn/code-review/best-practices-for-peer-code-review/ - Study on Pull Request ideal review size. I have no idea how big PRs should be and it falls into the same "economic value of lines of code" issue that I've looked at before. There's lots of metrics - lines changed? files changed" feature count? subfeature count?
- https://smallbusinessprogramming.com/optimal-pull-request-size/ - More research resources I need to take a look at. Someday I will have an opinion.