---
title: "2024-03-12"
date: "2024-03-12"
updated: "2024-03-12"
tags: []
draft: false
---

> [[caveat-lector|CAVEAT LECTOR]]: This is a daily note! Sometimes they'll be structured, sometimes they won't. These are more for the benefit of my near- and long-term future self, but I do tend to publish them in case they're somehow helpful for other people.

## Today's Plan

Yesterday was, in fact, pretty much a complete wash Goblin-wise. That said, last night I got an actual human amount of sleep, so I'll be starting work a couple hours early today to hopefully shift everything a healthy amount forward for the day

### B-Block

- N/A

### M-Block

- N/A

### E-Block

- N/A

## Today's Report

> To have the full intended experience, please listen to the [Pikmin 2 "Today's Report" theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1fCmKZnq3U&list=PLwyW5mbdZMGN8mGTqvDhsBs37SW4TkHcw&index=85) while reading & writing this


Alright! I broke [[2024-03-11|yesterday's]] homelab stalemate by sucking it up, getting past the need to [[over-under-engineering|over-engineer]] simple problems, and just... popping GParted onto a thumb drive and resizing the partition. As it turns out, easy problems only become hard problems when you *make* them hard problems ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯

This did leave time to get to the actual "lab" part of "homelab." This involved knocking a few things off my list:

### Proxmox Game Servers

While the amount of focus has been nice, I will admit - I'm a bit lonely at the moment? [[2024-03-03|A week ago]] the plan was to set up the server to play with friends, and that still hasn't happened - so I wanted to at least get this off the ground tonight. This, however, cycled through a few phases... sometimes multiple times.

1. Originally, the plan was to use a [lightweight Docker LXC on Alpine](https://tteck.github.io/Proxmox/), with a sidecar Portainer instance, to run the game servers. However, coming from a Desktop Ubuntu environment, I was seriously missing the ability to load the Tailscale Docker Desktop extension to auto-add new containers to my Tailscale instance.
2. I also thought that Portainer was a bit too overkill for what I was trying to do. Honestly, I saw a bunch of very Enterprise-y™ things, got scared, and looked at other solutions.
3. Next stop was briefly trying out [Pterodactyl](https://pterodactyl.io/) - however, the setup process on their website absolutely tanked, so I ruled that out pretty quickly.
4. Next up was [AMP](https://cubecoders.com/AMP) — which, to its credit, did work. However, the next snag was trying to set up a custom Docker Compose file. While AMP is great if the only control you'd like to have is "press button, have server," I did a search across *the entire system* for anything resembling a Compose file and came up empty.
   
   Dealbreaker.
   
   Unfortunately, it was only a dealbreaker *after* I had bought a license. Whoops.
5. *Next* up was [TurnKey Game Server](https://www.turnkeylinux.org/). I'd seen a few things about TurnKey and LinuxGSD while searching around and figured it was worth a try. However, after multiple attempts, I wasn't able to get a game server up at all[^1]. Perhaps I misunderstood how the Webmin interface works, but... I also couldn't even get a *frontend* to show up. *Also* a dealbreaker.
   
So, whaddaya know? I ended up exactly where I started - Docker & Portainer. Once you get past all the buttons, Portainer is very nice.

I don't think this is the worst thing in the world. Ultimately, every other of the above solutions (both the ones that worked, and the ones that didn't) used weird, non-standard solutions for containerizing the game servers. [[the-best-side-of-the-road|The best side of the road is often the one others are driving on]], and so choosing a pure-Docker solution for a very Docker-y problem is hardly a loss. However, I do wish that I'd spent less time fucking about with the options and more time just... *making it work*.
   
[This](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/036/712/rakecover.jpg) spends a lot of time in my head, but it was very loud tonight.

### Jellyfin & GPU Passthrough

Well, *fuck.*

After seeing some success with [[2024-03-03|GPU passthrough]], I rolled the dice on another go of it. I bought a GT 1030 card for hardware encoding & decoding for a video library I've got cookin' and spent quite a bit of time tonight researching passthrough of the card into an LXC. Despite being virtually identical tasks in my own mind, the LXC passthrough turned turned out to be a surprisingly more involved process than passthrough into a VM[^2]. After going through the trouble...

...I realized that the GT 1030 [doesn't even support encoding](https://arc.net/l/quote/zkiphdzw).

I'm not totally sure what to do with this card now...? Jellyfin hardware encoding was the entire reason I'd bought it originally. While $60 isn't exactly financially devastating, it does feel weird having a useless card. I may do a quick search later this week to see if there's *some* good reason to keep it in there - otherwise, I'll likely take back the PCIx4 slot, likely for an additional NVME port. Still, quite the bummer.

Thankfully, most of my video library at this point *is* already encoded, and I suppose (worst-case scenario) I could potentially use the Windows VM (and its successfully passed-through GTX 970) to handle any on-the-spot encoding I need to do for specific files.

### Personal Cloud

This is one that I kinda grazed, but didn't get too far into - I've set up a NAS software to handle a bit of cloud storage, and I plan on setting up the aforementioned PCI/NVME expansion to set up a separate storage drive. I don't have any hard drives at the moment, but this is something I'd very much like to get up-and-running at some point.

## Final Thoughts: Things On My Mind

Yesterday, while [[2024-03-11|internally mulling over the merits of using Quartz]], I looked at the [Navel-Gazing](https://github.com/MaggieAppleton/digital-gardeners?tab=readme-ov-file#theory-philosophy-and-navel-gazing) section of Maggie Appleton's (very excellent) `digital-gardening` resource repo. I'd previously associated the term as being somewhat negative but realized I didn't actually *know* what the term meant, so after a quick lookup on [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Navel_gazing):

> However, phrases such as "contemplating one's navel" or "[navel-gazing](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/navel-gazing "wikt:navel-gazing")" are frequently used, usually in [jocular](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jocular "Jocular") fashion, to refer to self-absorbed pursuits.

I do worry somewhat that this blog - in particular, the [[notes/index|notes]] section, is *absolutely* just me, navel-gazing, at my own *cool*, *edgy* ideas. It also coincides with a concern (possibly paranoia) that I use the word "I" too much when talking to others and that I'm being very self-absorbed.

(I've also noticed myself linking others to this blog in my personal day-to-day. It feels silly to say "in hindsight" considering this last happened... less than 3 hours ago: **in hindsight,** this comes off super pretentious and i should absolutely not do it)

(maybe i can do it a little bit - *as a treat?* . i am pretty proud of this site so far.)

There doesn't seem to be a *great* solution there, especially for the `notes` section, given that the whole thing is literally written in the first-person. However, I do want to make sure CGC remains a functional source of knowledge for *others*, and not just for my own benefit (although I do appreciate that part of this site.)

Something to think about, I suppose.

## Notes

- https://zeldor.biz/2011/01/mount-lvm-from-livecd/
- https://forum.proxmox.com/threads/pci-gpu-passthrough-on-proxmox-ve-8-installation-and-configuration.130218/ - proxmox gpu passthrough guide

[^1]: While I'm thinking about it - honestly, from the polish of the application to the weird-ass unformatted, un-line-broken email they sent me as a confirmation for their website, TurnKey honestly doesn't even look like a currently-maintained or legitimate website. Their stated goal is to bring server appliances to the masses, but their UX screams "Email from a Nigerian Prince" to me.
[^2]:   GPU passthrough to LXC for decoding - https://jocke.no/2022/02/23/plex-gpu-transcoding-in-docker-on-lxc-on-proxmox/