---
title: "2024-04-15"
date: "2024-04-15"
tags:
  - notes/daily
  - seasons/rhythm
draft: false
---
⇐ [[2024-04-14]] |  [[2024-04-16]] ⇒

```dataview
TASK
WHERE !completed
  AND typeof(due) = "date"
  AND due <= date("2024-04-15") + dur(2 days)
SORT date ASC
GROUP BY file.link
```

## Today's Plan

Alright - I'd like to hit the ground running this week so I can take next week easy, possibly with a long weekend.

As an aside - if this projects system works out, I may want to try retroactively applying these to earlier daily notes.

### [[fastlane-demo]]

- [ ] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo Finish setting up local instances of Android Studio & Xcode. It's days like this that make me glad I'm not usually in the mobile app development business.
    - [x] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo I'm going to have to fetch a shitload of developer certificates and keys from both the Apple and Google stores. Yeesh. Recording here for a process doc  [completion:: 2024-04-15]
    - [x] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo **iOS**  [completion:: 2024-04-15]
        - [x] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo Create app, developer profile, certificate from Apple  [completion:: 2024-04-15]
        - [x] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo Create calendar entries for key/cert expiration dates  [completion:: 2024-04-15]
    - [x] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo **ANDROID**  [completion:: 2024-04-15]
        - [x] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo AMEND: Install [OpenJDK](https://jdk.java.net/)(?) instead of Java 17, as encryption library is required for [android signing keys](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/76516045/cannot-find-any-provider-supporting-rsa-none-oaepwithsha1andmgf1padding-when-t)  [completion:: 2024-04-15]
        - [x] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo *Manually* create keystore using play's keysign `jar`/java  [completion:: 2024-04-15]
    - It looks like there's a *lot* of setup to go before either of these are upload-able, including the initial seed build on Google Play so that the application can get a default bundle name. Yuck.

### [[tags/projects/misc]]

- [ ] #task #projects/misc Before I leave the office, sending out that highlight note.
- [x] #task #projects/misc When I take out the bins after work today, I should take a bit of time to de-clutter Karmala while they're front and center.  [completion:: 2024-04-17]
- [x] #task #projects/misc Laundry party. I'm quickly running out of pants.  [completion:: 2024-04-17]
- [ ] #task #projects/misc If I'm feeling real spicy, there's a couple pairs of pants I need to iron & sew cuffs into.
- [x] #task #projects/misc I've got a dinner to go to this evening as an ✨ esteemed and accomplished alumni 🌈 of the University of Utah — I think there's some kind of panel going on. i am very excited to [impart some sage wisdom on the local youths](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZFgxalnsmE)  [completion:: 2024-04-15]

### [[cgc-gatsby-template]]

- [x] #task #projects/cgc/cgc-gatsby-template Finish periodic notes setup such that:  [completion:: 2024-04-15]
    - [x] #task #projects/cgc/cgc-gatsby-template Seasonal entries (e.g. [[rhythm|the Season of Rhythm]]) are set as a "soft" quarterly entry  [completion:: 2024-04-15]
    - [x] #task #projects/cgc/cgc-gatsby-template Weekly & Daily entries are titled based on the current season  [completion:: 2024-04-15]
    - [x] #task #projects/cgc/cgc-gatsby-template Weekly & Daily entries get tagged based on the current season  [completion:: 2024-04-15]
    - This should be active tomorrow - very excited!

## Today's Report

> To have the full intended experience, please listen to the [Pikmin 2 "Today's Report" theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1fCmKZnq3U&list=PLwyW5mbdZMGN8mGTqvDhsBs37SW4TkHcw&index=85) while reading

Well... I *did* say that [[obsidian-tasks-workflow#Hindsight|the new tasks workflow would be a good measurement for overestimating how much I can do in a day]]. That seems to've been proven correct - the task plans for the fastlane demo have taken longer than expected. It's interesting — there's just a *lot* cookin' on automated app deployments that I hadn't considered. In particular, I've noticed how many options there are during app store deployments (both iOS and Android) that are, under normal circumstances, handled by the stores or IDEs themselves — certs, keys, etc. etc. Unfortunately, that luxury doesn't seem to exist when automating everything yourself.

I am very excited, though, to more tightly integrate seasonal themes into the day-to-day. While I wasn't writing every day for the past few weeks, I (thankfully, for my own sanity) did keep up a pretty good rhythm — with some notable periods of exception, but hey, it's all in progress.

[^1]: [[caveat-lector|caveat lector]] — This is a daily note! I don't actively maintain any information in daily notes, so please be cautious in following any advice here.
[^2]: https://zachyoung.dev/posts/templater-snippets/ - templater snippets