---
title: 2024-03-13
date: 2024-03-13
updated: 2024-03-13
tags:
  - projects/personal/homelab
  - notes/daily
  - seasons/rhythm
draft: false
---
⇐ [[2024-03-12]] | [[2024-03-14]] ⇒

> [[caveat-lector|CAVEAT LECTOR]]: This is a daily note! Sometimes they'll be structured, sometimes they won't. These are more for the benefit of my near- and long-term future self, but I do tend to publish them in case they're somehow helpful for other people.

## Today's Plan

Today's plan is going to be some logging service implementations - in particular, styling out a C# singleton to extend Discord webhook behavior for super quick-and-easy monitoring. This'll be nice because I'd like to learn more about logging mechanisms, since being able to stream data straight out of a `stdout` would be nice for some other data gathering projects I'd like to do down the road.

### B-Block

- Look into C# standards and opinions around logging services - in particular, differentiating between a static `Console`-esque implementation of a logging service, versus an ASP.NET-flavored Singleton

### M-Block

- project management notes meeting
- At some point today, I need to finish the [[shop-highlight-note|highlight note]] for The Shop.
- I'd also like to start reading (and potentially reviewing) [The Framework Field Guide](https://unicorn-utterances.com/posts/ffg-fundamentals-preface), which was written in part (or entirely? i don't actually know the authorship distribution of that, since Unicorn Utterances is like, a collective, i think?). I'm super excited to dig into it - from [[2024-03-10#^c42f66|the other day]], it'll be nice to put my paranoia aside about learning facts from opinions and getting to learn a more framework-agnostic baseline knowledge of frontend development.

### E-Block

- ~~Hmmmm... good question? As much as I'd like to take advantage of the game server setup being actually functional again, I really ought to stick around the office while my partner is climbing to hammer out CGC work.
- ~~That said... ~~*factorio.*

## Today's Report

> To have the full intended experience, please listen to the [Pikmin 2 "Today's Report" theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1fCmKZnq3U&list=PLwyW5mbdZMGN8mGTqvDhsBs37SW4TkHcw&index=85) while reading & writing this


It's already super late, so I'm gonna make this quick:

- I think friends have settled on a new Eco runthrough, which is very exciting!
- In the meantime, spring cleaning on the steam deck - backed up `/home`, [set up a Sunshine server](https://github.com/safijari/sunshine-deck) for remote management from the laptop (QoL required)
- Tried to go the Chrome Remote Desktop route by building it manually. I deeply regret this diversion, and would *highly* not recommend the attempt.

## Notes

- https://craftinginterpreters.com/ - A book my boss mentioned getting for his son about creating programming language. Total nerds
- https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/technology/trusted-advisor/ - AWS trusted advisor, possibly(?) worthy of some horticulture