---
title: "The Season of Rhythm: Day 51"
date: 2024-04-17
tags:
  - seasons/rhythm
  - notes/daily
draft: false
---
⇐ [[2024-04-15]] | [[2024-04-18]] ⇒

```dataview
TASK
WHERE !completed
  AND typeof(due) = "date"
  AND due <= date("2024-04-17") + dur(2 days)
SORT date ASC
GROUP BY file.link
```
## Today's Plan

It's interesting how "I need a break" is less a logical thought and more of a gut feeling that bubbles up over time. I may want to take a look at doing a pseudo-vacation sometime soon - even just a 3-day something-or-another would be good to put on the books, just to hang a carrot in front of myself.

Today is going to be mainly throwing myself back into app store deployment stuff, and then likely an afternoon of spring cleaning. Fairly straightforward.

### [[dayjob-misc]]

- [x] #task #projects/dayjob/dayjob-misc AMEND: An emergency issue came up - no details here. IYKYK.  [completion:: 2024-04-18]

### [[fastlane-demo]]

- [>] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo Finish setting up local instances of Android Studio & Xcode. It's days like this that make me glad I'm not usually in the mobile app development business.
    - [>] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo Last I left off, I was dealing with the dumb OpenJDK stuff on the Play Store SDK. With that past, I can go back in and pull in all the variables, hopefully getting the seed build for the Play Store.
- [>] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo Get React Native scaffold to a full-build state: `/ios` and `/android` directories out with full, deploy-able builds
- [>] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo Set up initial, ***laneless*** fastlane deployment. Possibly find some way to test it locally, so I don't get stuck in Actions, `please-work-this-time` commit messages
- [>] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo Demo!
- [>] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo Fill in tickets retroactively.

### [[cgc-gatsby-template]]

- [I] #task #projects/cgc/cgc-gatsby-template Given that Obsidian is ultimately a web frontend, with themes made in CSS... It wouldn't be a bad idea to try and use Obsidian's CSS theme directly to render the website. There's a possibility to use symlinks to just fetch the `css` file out of the `.obsidian` directory and place it where Gatsby expects CSS to live. Food for thought.
    - [i] If this does end up being the case (and I'm hoping it does, since it'd be a very nice way to... not have to worry about CSS myself, to be honest) I'd also like a clean way to shout-out the theme, possibly in the footer.
    - [i] As of right now, this is the [AnuPpuccin](https://github.com/AnubisNekhet/AnuPpuccin) theme and I *love* it — the Catppuccin Mocha theme available for Obsidian scared me away with the sheer number of color highlights, so if I could kick some attention over to Anubis that would be nice. Once everything is up, I'll have to [buy her a coffee](https://buymeacoffee.com/anubisnekhet)
- [I] #task #projects/cgc/cgc-gatsby-template Another facet to take into account is the possibility of "solidifying" `dataview` queries on the site[^2].

### [[homelab/index]]

- [-] #task #projects/personal/homelab Well — it looks like I vastly overestimated the strength of my hardware for video transcoding via Tdarr.
    - [i] I was hoping that the use of the 970 would be good for bulk transcodes, but it appears the main bottleneck of the system are the memory and CPU.
    - [i] It wasn't a total waste of time - this is the first time I've ever delved into CPU prioritization, and being able to prioritize critical tasks (e.g. cloud storage, DNS) over tertiary background things like transcoding is hardly a bad thing. It definitely alleviates my anxiety over keeping the CPU at high loads for prolonged periods, since I'd be able to know that critical tasks won't get pushed out of the way and the system will remain *relatively* stable.
    - [i] That said, on a usage/wear level alone, I'll have to table transcoding for now. Having the server in my bedroom does give a functional cap on how/when I put the server under heavy loads, as my partner and I are the ones that have to deal with the noise of the cooling fans. I still have the LXC available in case it's something I want to revisit later.
    - [i] Unfortunately, it appears that, by and large, the only recommendations for "what to use a GPU in a homelab server" for are
        1. Gaming (but more-or-less requires a VM, locking down a whole graphics card)
        2. Transcoding
        3. Machine Learning
    - [i] So... in a way, I'm in exactly the same position I was [[2024-03-12#Jellyfin & GPU Passthrough|a month ago]], but this time down $130. As much as I like to say that "the price of learning is teaching", this time the price of learning was a GTX 750TI *and* a GT 1030. There are officially more graphics cards in my house than people. *Whoops* ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
    - [I] *However...* After looking at TDARR, I saw that there's at least *some* ability to use a GPU over a network. I wonder if it would be possible to have a Windows VM that *communicates* with a GPU-enabled LXC, allowing for a gaming VM that doesn't put the entire card on lock. Food for thought.

## Today's Report

> To have the full intended experience, please listen to the [Pikmin 2 "Today's Report" theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1fCmKZnq3U&list=PLwyW5mbdZMGN8mGTqvDhsBs37SW4TkHcw&index=85) while reading

N/A

[^1]: [[caveat-lector|caveat lector]] — This is a daily note! I don't actively maintain any information in daily notes, so please be cautious in following any advice here.
[^2]: https://blacksmithgu.github.io/obsidian-dataview/resources/develop-against-dataview/ - NPM library for Dataview execution