---
title: "2024-04-03"
date: "2024-04-03"
updated: "2024-04-03"
tags:
  - notes/daily
  - seasons/rhythm
draft: false
---
⇐ [[2024-04-02]] |  [[2024-04-04]] ⇒

## Today's Plan

Okay! Another day down - ended a bit early yesterday due to the migraine, but after 14(!!) hours of sleep I'm feeling very ready to do a *full*, full day.

On the chopping block:

**NWYC:**
- [ ] Finalize report on some intricacies of Cybersource payment processing
- [ ] Research FastMatrix deployments for mobile applications
- [ ] Begin a proof-of-concept for some deployment strategies I would like to make for other members of an internal team

**CGC:**
I need to get back into the swing of CGC work in earnest. Absent a to-do list — emphasis warranted, as trying to upend my workflows to make room for one is what blew up the last two weeks — I believe my priorities are:
- [ ] chiseling apart an amalgamation of tiny tasks that have been haunting me the last two weeks
- [ ] Attempting to get a passable version of the new Gatsby template for the blog. Last I left off, I was (finally) able to get MD/MDX rendering. Next up is styling, emulating the same general behavior as the original Quartz template.

## Today's Report

> To have the full intended experience, please listen to the [Pikmin 2 "Today's Report" theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1fCmKZnq3U&list=PLwyW5mbdZMGN8mGTqvDhsBs37SW4TkHcw&index=85) while reading

N/A

[^1]: [[caveat-lector|caveat lector]] — This is a daily note! I don't actively maintain any information in daily notes, so please be cautious in following any advice here.
[^2]: https://developer.cybersource.com/docs/cybs/en-us/digital-accept-flex/developer/all/rest/digital-accept-flex/da-flex-api-intro.html - Flex API, warning against client-side implementation. Redirects to Unified Checkout