---
title: "Rhythm: Day 52"
date: 2024-04-18
tags:
  - seasons/rhythm
  - notes/daily
draft: false
---
⇐ [[2024-04-17]] | [[2024-04-19]] ⇒

```dataview
TASK
WHERE !completed
  AND typeof(due) = "date"
  AND due <= date("2024-04-18") + dur(2 days)
SORT date ASC
GROUP BY file.link
```

## Today's Plan

Yesterday was thrown off a bit by an incident that came up during the day, so most of today will be post-mortem on yesterday. If time permits, I'd like to get reacquainted with whatever was left the day before.

As for CGC, I'd like to stay after a bit and chisel at the Gatsby template, possibly taking a look at yesterday's idea for directly using the current Obsidian theme for the site.

## Tasklist

### [[dayjob-misc]]

- [-] Setting up a system for re-ingesting modified CloudWatch logs back into CloudWatch.
    - [i] Juice wasn't worth the squeeze.
- [!] #task #projects/dayjob/dayjob-misc Cleanup after yesterday's incident management - possible technical write-up of the issue.  [completion:: 2024-04-18]

### [[terraform-testing]]

- [x] #task #projects/dayjob/terraform-testing Review Hashicorp docs for [LocalStack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDa1PcHRQ4I)  [completion:: 2024-04-18]
- [x] #task #projects/dayjob/terraform-testing Take task notes, create soft plan  [completion:: 2024-04-18]

### [[fastlane-demo]]

- [>] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo Finish setting up local instances of Android Studio & Xcode. It's days like this that make me glad I'm not usually in the mobile app development business.
    - [>] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo Last I left off, I was dealing with the dumb OpenJDK stuff on the Play Store SDK. With that past, I can go back in and pull in all the variables, hopefully getting the seed build for the Play Store.
- [>] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo Get React Native scaffold to a full-build state: `/ios` and `/android` directories out with full, deploy-able builds
- [>] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo Set up initial, ***laneless*** fastlane deployment. Possibly find some way to test it locally, so I don't get stuck in Actions, `please-work-this-time` commit messages
- [>] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo Demo!
- [>] #task #projects/dayjob/fastlane-demo Fill in tickets retroactively.

### [[homelab/index]]

- [I] #task #projects/personal/homelab At some point, it would be nice to take a look at a self-hosted version of [LanguageTools](https://languagetool.org/dev) to see if it's possible to set up super particular rules around my writing style & dictionary. At the very least, *something* to do with the GPU.

## Today's Report

> To have the full intended experience, please listen to the [Pikmin 2 "Today's Report" theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1fCmKZnq3U&list=PLwyW5mbdZMGN8mGTqvDhsBs37SW4TkHcw&index=85) while reading

N/A

[^1]: [[caveat-lector|caveat lector]] — This is a daily note! I don't actively maintain any information in daily notes, so please be cautious in following any advice here.
[^2]: - https://taoofmac.com/space/blog/2023/02/18/1845 - super similar blog!!