---
title: "2024-04-14"
date: "2024-04-14"
updated: "2024-04-14"
tags:
  - notes/daily
  - seasons/rhythm
draft: false
---
⇐ [[2024-04-11]] |  [[2024-04-15]] ⇒

```dataview
TASK
WHERE !completed
  AND typeof(due) = "date"
  AND due <= date("2024-04-14") + dur(2 days)
SORT date ASC
```

## Today's Plan

### [[obsidian-tasks-workflow]]

- [x] #task Install & initially configure Obsidian Tasks & Dataview for #projects/personal/obsidian-tasks-workflow[created:: 2024-04-14]  [completion:: 2024-04-14]
- [x] #task Test pull individual tasks from project from across repo into #projects/personal/obsidian-tasks-workflow[created:: 2024-04-14]  [completion:: 2024-04-14]
    - It feels a bit odd, but putting the task writeup in the `/tags` directory may alleviate Tasks requiring a direct tag link to parse/query. It may also encourage me to make sure all tags have index pages.
- [ ] #task Configure Raycast Obsidian Tasks to add Tasks to daily template by default for #projects/personal/obsidian-tasks-workflow  [created:: 2024-04-14]
    - So, unfortunately, it appears that I can't auto-append to the current daily note. I'm sure there's a couple ways I could skirt around this but it's really not worth my time right now. For now, I'm going to have to be happy with [[tags/projects/misc|using a scratch note for tacking miscellaneous tasks.]]
- [ ] #task #projects/personal/obsidian-tasks-workflow PR to Raycast Obsidian plugin to allow directives ({{ ... }}) in the link. I'd like to append tasks to specifically the date on which they were created. Granted, I should probably get used to how Tasks work before altering anything.  [priority:: lowest]  [created:: 2024-04-14]
- [x] #task Create a project page template for quick access #projects/personal/obsidian-tasks-workflow  [completion:: 2024-04-14]
- [x] #task #projects/personal/obsidian-tasks-workflow Add project backlog to #projects tag tree  [created:: 2024-04-14]  [completion:: 2024-04-14]
- [x] #task #projects/personal/obsidian-tasks-workflow create new project block template for daily notes  [created:: 2024-04-14]  [completion:: 2024-04-14]

### [[obsidian-periodic-notes-setup]]

- [x] #task #projects/personal/obsidian-periodic-notes-setup Install & configure directory structure  [completion:: 2024-04-14]
- [x] #task #projects/personal/obsidian-periodic-notes-setup Create template with upcoming tasks query  [completion:: 2024-04-14]
### [[tags/projects/misc]]

- [x] #task #projects/misc CGC taxes  [completion:: 2024-04-14]
- [x] #task #projects/misc Personal taxes (happy US tax day eve!! 🎉💸)  [completion:: 2024-04-14]
- [x] #task #projects/misc Arc Browser spring cleaning - move [[tags/projects/personal/homelab/index|Allytron]] browser entries out of Personal space to declutter entry point  [completion:: 2024-04-14]

## Today's Report

> To have the full intended experience, please listen to the [Pikmin 2 "Today's Report" theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1fCmKZnq3U&list=PLwyW5mbdZMGN8mGTqvDhsBs37SW4TkHcw&index=85) while reading

I am *back!*

Sometimes you have those wonderful, magic days where everything seems to fit together. Shoutout to Obsidian and the custom plugins community - the way that Tasks, Dataview, Templater, and Periodic Notes come together is just... \**mwah*\* chef's kiss, so good.

For the first time in a couple weeks, I feel like I finally, once again, have a handle on the snowball of small thing that have built up over time. In the same way that starting writing helped get ideas out of my brain and onto a page (digital, but it still counts!), I have high hopes this'll do the same for tasks.

I'll have to remember this when it comes time to create the [[cgc-gatsby-template|Gatsby templates]] for the new styles.

[^1]: [[caveat-lector|caveat lector]] — This is a daily note! I don't actively maintain any information in daily notes, so please be cautious in following any advice here.